being a leader can change your lifestyle, The fact that as you move up
in your positions of leadership, you're obviously gonna occur. More
responsibilities. And as such, those responsibilities sometimes have
to deal with that subordinates, the people that you lied and understanding
there, personal lifestyles and personal professional development.
So you might have started off with only worrying about yourself
and your family or significant other. And now all of a sudden, not
only having to worry about yourself and your family significant other,
but also to this is the people that you're leading and their families
on their significant others and making sure that they're well
taken care of, so responsibility in that aspect is gonna increase as
you move up in your role of leadership.